# Craft Yelp Plugin

Provides a simple API wrapper for Yelp by exposing Yelp's v2 API endpoints as craft template variables.

## Installation
1. Move the `yelp` folder into your `craft/plugins` directory
2. Install the plugin in the Craft Control Panel
3. Enter your API settings from Yelp in the plugin's settings panel

### Variables

#### [craft.yelp.search](https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v2/search_api)

Accepts an options array. Options must include one of Yelp's required location parameters (location, cll, bounds, ll).

```
{% set search_results = craft.yelp.search({'location': 'Oklahoma City', 'term': 'tacos'}) %}
```

#### [craft.yelp.business](https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v2/business)

Requires an ID parameter and accepts and optional array of options.

```
{% set taqueria_sanchez = craft.yelp.business('taqueria-sanchez-oklahoma-city', {'lang_filter': true}) %}
```

#### [craft.yelp.phone_search](https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v2/phone_search)

Requires a phone number parameter and accepts an optional array of options.

```
{% set taqueria_sanchez = craft.yelp.phone_search('4055203553') %}
```

### Fields

#### Yelp URL Field

A Yelp URL field is also included that will accept a Yelp URL. When invoked in the template, it has an `id` and a `url` property to get those respective values.


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 STAPLEGUN

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
